Add support for running output directly in Audio Worklet (#25942)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/tools_reference/settings_reference.rst

- 'webview' - just like web, but in a webview like Cordova; considered to be
  same as "web" in almost every place
- 'worker'  - a web worker environment.
- 'worklet' - Audio Worklet environment.
- 'node'    - Node.js.
- 'shell'   - a JS shell like d8, js, or jsc.

This setting can be a comma-separated list of these environments, e.g.,
"web,worker". If this is the empty string, then all environments are
supported.

> Certain settings will automatically add this to this.  For examble, building

Reviewer: "add this to this" is a bit vauge?
```suggestion
Certain settings will automatically add environments to the list possible environments. For example, building
```
